---
title: gSchool week 2
date: 2013-09-20 14:32 UTC
tags:
---

Working on Event Reporter this week was incredibly challenging. There were highs and lows throughout the week. After reading the base expectations for the application I felt confident that I could build this program. I jumped right into sublime and created 'EventReporter.rb', and then my mind went blank. I knew that the features required for Event Reporter were all things that we had built in one way or another in the tutorials from the week before. However, calling on them from scratch, with a blank screen, with no instructions, proved to be nearly impossible and very frustrating. 
With some help from Billy and Bryanna, my partner and I were able to lay out a basic blue print of the methods we thought we might need in order to achieve the desired functionality for Event Reporter. We made methods for each desired function: A load moethod to laod the file, a find method to find specific attributes, several methods for modifying and sorting our queue. All of this happened monday. The rest of the week was spent trying to get as much functionality out of the application as we could. This process was full of highs and lows. At times it felt like I was cruising through functions and making great progress. Other times felt like I was staring at a screen for hours and gaining no ground. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday were all 13 or 14 hour days, working almost entirely with my partner Louisa. Monday and Wednesday were both really productive, and Tuesday felt like a total waste. By Thursday, I was completely spent. I'm not sure if this was a lack of sleep finally catching up to me, or just one of those days, but I had little to give. Looking back, I am proud of what we put together this week. For the next project, I will try to seek a litle more input from other groups/pairs instead of trying to figure out everything on my own. I will try to use more online resources for finding ways to get around roadblocks. I will also try to make sure I get at least 7 hours of sleep every night to avoid that thursday fatigue.
